Devrel (#90)
argoapp-live/argo-docs: versioned_docs/version-3.0.0-beta/compute/import-from-docker-hub.md

---
id: import-from-docker-hub
title: Import From Docker Hub
sidebar_label: Import From Docker Hub
slug: /compute/import-from-docker-hub
---

> ## Gettign Started from DockerHub 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Getting Started with DockerHub 
```

The steps are followed from the getting started page of compute and branched into the following steps if chose to import the image from docker hub, this is a step-by-step guide to import from dockerhub. 

- Cluster name: Choose a descriptive name for your instance.

> - Repository: Add the repository where you want the instance to be.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Repository: Add the repository where your image is present in Dockerhub.
```

> - Tag: Assign metadata to the instance for easier management and organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tag: Provide a tag of your docker image. It is optional, so you leave it empty. Spheron will assign `latest` if it's left empty.
```

> <img src={require('@site/static/img/pickacontainer.png').default} />

Reviewer: Can you remove this screenshot, looks very weird in the UI

> ## H2 Select Instance 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Select Instance 
```

> - Storage: Compute instances typically come with either local (on-instance) or network attached storage options. Local storage is faster but is limited in size and is deleted when the instance is terminated. Network attached storage can be larger and persist after instance termination but can be slower to access.

Reviewer: Can you check if this is correct for akash network? Check with @Man-Jain or @dusanstanis

Reviewer 2: No, This isn't correct. 

Some points on the Storage 

- We do not support persistent storage ATM.
- Yes, but there are a few considerations you need to keep in mind. First, anything that is in the ephemeral storage will get lost if the provider restarts. This can be countered with persistent storage to an extent. However, you also won't have any commands that runs on start-up. This can be solved by adding all commands you want to run in the SDL or by creating a Docker Image.
- Ephemeral storage is faster (in terms of IOPS) and persistent storage can be slower (in terms of IOPS).  This is due to network latency associated with persistent storage and as the storage nodes (or the pods to storage nodes) are connected over the network.
- if using ephemeral storage, it will be lost on crashes, reboots, or if your deployment is closed.

- RAM: The amount of RAM an instance has determines how many tasks it can perform simultaneously and how quickly it can perform them. The more RAM, the more expensive the instance.

- CPU: The number and type of CPUs determine the processing power of an instance. The more CPUs and the faster they are, the more expensive the instance.

- Average Monthly Cost: The cost of a compute instance depends on the type and amount of resources it uses. The average monthly cost can range from a few dollars to hundreds or thousands of dollars for high-end instances.

- Average Daily Cost: The average daily cost is calculated by dividing the average monthly cost by 30. This cost can be affected by factors such as the instance's usage pattern, resource utilization, and any coupons applied.

*Note: The specific cost and resource information may vary depending on the cloud provider and region. It is recommended to check the provider's pricing documentation for up-to-date and accurate information.*

> <img src={require('@site/static/img/viewplans.png').default} />

Reviewer: put this screenshot at the beginning. After the title and before the para start

> ## H2 Additional Configuration 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Additional Configuration 
```

> You can also configure optional features like port policy mapping, adding envoirment varibale and advanced configuration as adding commands and argurments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also configure optional features like port policy mapping, adding environment variables, and advanced configuration as adding commands and arguments.
```

> ### H3 Port Policy Mapping 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Port Policy Mapping 
```

> Port policy mapping is a feature of some cloud providers that enables you to control the access to the ports of your instances, by defining rules that specify which sources are allowed to access which ports. The main goal of port policy mapping is to improve the security of your instances by limiting the exposure to the network.For example, to allow incoming HTTP traffic from anywhere, you can add a rule that allows TCP traffic on port 80 from 0.0.0.0/0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Port policy mapping is used in Spheron for users to map their internal ports and expose them. It controls the access to the ports of your instances by defining rules that specify the external port. 
- Users can choose from port 80 (HTTP port). If you choose this, you will receive a reverse DNS link to connect to your instance.
- Users can also choose a random port that will assign an external port from 30000-31000 range. You can connect with the host URL and external port.
```

> You can select port 80 or Random port mapped to the container port. 

Reviewer: you can remove this sentence

To test the port policy mapping, you can use a tool such as Telnet or curl to try to connect to the port that you just opened. If the connection is successful, then the port policy mapping is working as expected.

> ### H3 Envoirment Variables 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Environment Variables 
```

Environment variables are values that can be passed to a compute environment  to configure its behavior. They can be set when the environment is started, and they can be used by the applications running in the environment to determine their behavior.

You can intiate by inserting `KEY` and `VALUE` pair to the instance. 

> ### H3 Advaced Configuration 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Advanced Configuration 
```

Custom commands and arguments are a way to pass specific instructions to a compute instance, such as a virtual machine, container, or cloud instance, at startup. This allows you to configure the instance in a specific way, or run specific scripts or applications when the instance starts.

You can add the following `CMD` instruction to a Dockerfile to specify the custom command and arguments which can be easily added to your instace. 

> ### H3 Heath Checkup 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Heath Checkup 
```

To monitor the instance health, you can use the appropriate method for your compute instance. You can setup health checkup by setting up health check path and health check port.

The health path and port must be configured in a way that is accessible from the network in order for the monitoring to be effective. 

You can monitor the status of your instance creation on the "Instances" page. Once the instance has been created, you can start using it.

> <img src={require('@site/static/img/addconfig.png').default} />

Reviewer: remove this

> ## H2 Final Deployment 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Final Deployment 
```

Once you have finished configuring your instance, click on the "Deploy" button. This will start the process of creating your instance. The instance will be deployed, it will reflect in progress and then deployed. 

> ### H3 Status and Logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Status and Logs
```

> Stats represent Total, Active, Starting, Closed and Failed to Start instances. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stats represent Total, Active, Starting, Closed, and Failed to Start instances. 
```

> Instance logs and instance events refer to the log data generated by instances in a computing environment. This data can include information about the instance's system performance, resource utilization, and any events or errors that occur.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instance logs and instance events refer to the log data generated by instances in a computing environment. This data can include information about the instance's system performance, resource utilization, and any events or errors.
```

> Deploy logs refer to the logs generated during the deployment process of an application or system. These logs typically include information about the deployment process, such as the steps taken, the status of each step, and any errors that occur.

Reviewer: Add a point that deploy log can be seen in realtime

> <img src={require('@site/static/img/Inprogresscompute.png').default} />

Reviewer: I'm against having these screenshots as we will upgrade the designs for these pages very soon, and then these images will need revision which is an added overhead, imo.

The purpose of these logs is to provide insight into the operation and performance of cloud instances and deployments. They can be used for troubleshooting, performance analysis, and auditing purposes.

> <img src={require('@site/static/img/deployedcompute.png').default} />

Reviewer: same here

> To access your instance, you can use Deployment URL or SSH. You can find the connection details for your instance in the Spheron instance dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access your instance, you can use the instance connection URL. You can find the connection details for your instance in the Spheron instance dashboard.
```

> ### H3 Additional Stats 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Additional Stats 
```
